README.md, before:

# Docker Lambda Base Image Repository

| **CodeBuild Status** |![aws build status](https://codebuild.us-east-2.amazonaws.com/badges?uuid=eyJlbmNyeXB0ZWREYXRhIjoic2VuODNucFFqN0VqbXlycWRzNmJFQWJ4OG9JU25EbldhZlFjMDlpemRvMXNpN0ptVFJwTkx0TW9WNGVYdDhHVEdnOGpkMUs5TTljVnhPenlNYmN5cmJrPSIsIml2UGFyYW1ldGVyU3BlYyI6ImNtUGRvVkw1M1h0RFVZMTUiLCJtYXRlcmlhbFNldFNlcmlhbCI6MX0%3D&branch=main)|
|-|-|

### **Description**:
This repository is to define the image to be used for the development environments (vscode `.devcontainers`) as well as the base container for the lambda functions. It includes all needed packages for development.

This container is built and pushed to the public repo ECR automatically by AWS Codebuild.

### **Base Image**: Ubuntu 20.04 ([public.ecr.aws/lts/ubuntu:20.04_stable](https://gallery.ecr.aws/lts/ubuntu))

### **ECR Repo:** Docker Lambda Base Image ([public.ecr.aws/w5r9l1c8/swsoc-docker-lambda-base:latest](https://gallery.ecr.aws/w5r9l1c8/swsoc-docker-lambda-base))

### **Included OS Packages:**
- git
- make
- curl
- python3.8
- python3-pip
- python3.8-dev
- pylint

### **Included Python Packages:**
- numpy (v1.16.0)
- astropy (v4.1.0)
- awslambdaric (For use with interfacing with aws lambda)
- sunpy
- flake8 (For code style)
- black (For code style)
- tox
- pytest (For testing)
- pytest-astropy (For testing)
- pytest-cov (For testing)
- pre-commit
- sphinx (For documentation)
- sphinx-automodapi (For documentation)
- sphinx-changelog (for changelog in documentation)
- towncrier (For building changelog for documentation)
- ipython (For easier debugging)

### **Tests:**
Checks whether the container contains the specified OS and Python requirements using the Container Structure Test ([CST testing suite](https://github.com/GoogleContainerTools/container-structure-test)). 

### **How to Contribute:**
To make a change to this container image, please `fork` this repo, make the requested change and create a `Pull Request` with the change.

### **Development Environment Troubleshooting:**
If you experience any issues in your development environment (`.devcontainer` environment on VSCode) when pulling this image from ECR, ensure you have the latest build by rebuilding your container to pull from latest.

Commit message:

Fetch Upstream (#1)
* Add back Requirements to test container (#11)

* Add how to contribute to readme

* Test PR Build

* Test removal of python packages

* Add back the requirement txt

* Revert "Add back Requirements to test container (#11)" (#12)

This reverts commit f261182ea24dd21a43e273368ec6f0152dea34f9.

* Revert "Revert "Add back Requirements to test container (#11)" (#12)" (#13)

This reverts commit 55589af9b159d1e8c7c32699963427885cf56bd7.

* Test pr (#14)

* Test Build on PR

* Test pr

* Adds Hermes Core Package to Container + Commit Message Image Tags (#15)

* Add hermes core package back to container

* Add commit hash tags to images

* Add back pip install from testing

* Update README.md

* Delete test.txt

* Update Dockerfile

* Add dependencies for lambda container

* Update README.md

* Update Dockerfile

* Update buildspec.yml

* Update buildspec.yml

README.md, after:

# Docker Lambda Base Image Repository

| **CodeBuild Status** |![aws build status](https://codebuild.us-east-2.amazonaws.com/badges?uuid=eyJlbmNyeXB0ZWREYXRhIjoic2VuODNucFFqN0VqbXlycWRzNmJFQWJ4OG9JU25EbldhZlFjMDlpemRvMXNpN0ptVFJwTkx0TW9WNGVYdDhHVEdnOGpkMUs5TTljVnhPenlNYmN5cmJrPSIsIml2UGFyYW1ldGVyU3BlYyI6ImNtUGRvVkw1M1h0RFVZMTUiLCJtYXRlcmlhbFNldFNlcmlhbCI6MX0%3D&branch=main)|
|-|-|

### **Description**:
This repository is to define the image to be used for the development environments (vscode `.devcontainers`) as well as the base container for the lambda functions. It includes all needed packages for development.

This container is built and pushed to the public repo ECR automatically by AWS Codebuild.

### **Base Image**: Ubuntu 20.04 ([public.ecr.aws/lts/ubuntu:20.04_stable](https://gallery.ecr.aws/lts/ubuntu))

### **ECR Repo:** Docker Lambda Base Image ([public.ecr.aws/w5r9l1c8/swsoc-docker-lambda-base:latest](https://gallery.ecr.aws/w5r9l1c8/swsoc-docker-lambda-base))

### **Included OS Packages:**
- git
- make
- curl
- python3.8
- python3-pip
- python3.8-dev
- pylint
- aws-lambda-rie

### **Included Python Packages:**
- numpy (v1.16.0)
- astropy (v4.1.0)
- awslambdaric (For use with interfacing with aws lambda)
- sunpy
- flake8 (For code style)
- black (For code style)
- tox
- pytest (For testing)
- pytest-astropy (For testing)
- pytest-cov (For testing)
- pre-commit
- sphinx (For documentation)
- sphinx-automodapi (For documentation)
- sphinx-changelog (for changelog in documentation)
- towncrier (For building changelog for documentation)
- ipython (For easier debugging)
- hermes core (For intrument packages)
- boto3 (For AWS SDK)

### **Tests:**
Checks whether the container contains the specified OS and Python requirements using the Container Structure Test ([CST testing suite](https://github.com/GoogleContainerTools/container-structure-test)). 

### **How to Contribute:**
To make a change to this container image, please `fork` this repo, make the requested change and create a `Pull Request` with the change.

### **Development Environment Troubleshooting:**
If you experience any issues in your development environment (`.devcontainer` environment on VSCode) when pulling this image from ECR, ensure you have the latest build by rebuilding your container to pull from latest.
